---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

I think there is not necessarily one type of development that is better than the other. It all depends on the type of project and the people involved. Some projects require a very high level of security, such as banking systems or government systems, where even a small error can cause a significant impact. These types of projects require a more Cathedral-like model. Other projects may benefit more from a Bazaar-like model, such as Linux or some community-driven projects like Better Genshin Impact, a game tool software I have been using.

AI coding tools could allow more people to get involved in open-source contributions, and they can also speed up code production, which favors the “Bazaar” side of development. However, AI tools may not necessarily support the idea that “given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow.” I have seen many open-source projects utilizing AI bots in issue triaging and code reviews, but I think they mainly assist human maintainers in understanding issues or PRs more easily, rather than truly providing more “eyeballs.” In the era of AI, we may actually need more Cathedral-like quality control than before.

We are mainly looking at issues in the repository. Most of them are about implementing features that Twitch has but Frosty does not yet support. I also found that many issues are performance-related, which are harder to approach. In the remaining weeks, I hope to continue making contributions and interacting with the community. We are quite interested in an issue that was proposed in 2023 and is still receiving replies as recently as last week.

I believe all the groups are making steady progress and meaningful contributions to their projects. People contribute in different ways: some groups focus on documentation-related contributions such as fixing broken links, providing translations, and improving tutorials, while others are more involved in code-based issues, such as the Keycloak group, where members have discussed their implementation plans and many technical details. Some groups also hold regular contributor meetings, and I think they benefit a lot from communicating directly with the maintainers.