---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

It was nice to hear people's rationale of choosing a particular project. Most people selected projects based on their familiarity with the programming languages or the project itself, such as Pandas or Affine. Others chose based on their interest in a specific field, like the Nanobot project. That particular project is only a month old but has already achieved over 30k stars. Because it is so new and popular, it iterates rapidly; issues open and close quickly, providing a constant stream of tasks for contributors.

In contrast, our project, frosty, is much smaller and moves at a slower pace. Compared to other groups, we have some overlap in our rationale, as we chose our project based on our familiarity with it and the feasibility of making contributions. We found that our project has plenty of room for improvement, and the issues seem easier to understand compared to the complex ones I've seen in projects like React or TypeScript.

Groups are also moving at different paces. Some have already dived into specific technical issues, while others—including us—are still working on our initial setups.

Regarding the tech stack, I have never coded in Dart or used Flutter before. However, given my experience with React Native and TypeScript, I don’t anticipate it being a major issue.

It’s inspiring to see such a wide range of interests among my classmates. I’m looking forward to hearing more about their experiences and the insights they gain as they progress through their projects.