---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### Why Code of Conduct?

Having a Code of Conduct ensures a diversity environment and a safe and welcoming environment. It's a great idea open source projects allows people from different backgrounds, different abilities and different communication styles to collaborate, as the Go community needs people from diverse backgrounds to thrive. A Code of Conduct demand people should be patient to a beginner contributer, to not harrass people based on other's religion, gender, so people from different backgrounds can feel same and welcomed and collaborate without constant friction. 

It also provide a mechanism for resolving conflicts in the community when they arise. When normal discussion breaks down, Go’s document includes concrete reporting instructions and describes how reports are handled. 

As said, other project like Go would definitely be benefited from a Code of Conduct like this, especially projects that are public, accept outside contributions, or have community discussion spaces. 

### Adapted from the Contributor Covenant
At the bottom of Go’s Code of Conduct, Go notes that it is adapted from the Contributor Covenant. ([go.dev](https://go.dev/conduct)) The Go Code of Conduct makes several changes to the Contributor Covenant v1.4. In Go's Code of Conduct, they add a section of "Gopher Value" that is not in the Contributor Covenant. This is because the Go community is a relatively compact community so does not only set a standard the community should follow but also define a culture to unite people in the Go community.   

In Go's Code of Conduct, the Scope extends beyond official project spaces, instead of what is said in Contributor Covenant v1.4, where it applies in project spaces and in public spaces when someone is representing the project. This is because Go believes people outside from the project community can still harm the community numbers.

Except the Go community, Eclipse also adapt the Contributor Covenant. ([Eclipse Code of Conduct](https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php?utm_source=chatgpt.com)) However, since the Eclipse Foundation is a big foundation with many projects, working groups, and interest groups, its Code of Conduct is different from Go's. It does not have "Gopher value" like Go, and its Scope section is more specific than Go's. It specifies Conduct Committee is responsible to the Code of Conduct, instead of what is mentioned in Go's Code of Conduct "Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards..."

### Different forms of Code of Conduct

Different from the Code of Conducts above, the Sugar Labs Code of Conduct is based on the Ubuntu Code of Conduct. Comparing Sugar Labs to Go, Sugar Labs’ document feels more like community collaboration guidance. It does not include a list of unacceptable behaviors and a very clear enforcement.

I found something very different from my favorite open source project iNaturalist.
iNaturalist [Community Guidelines](https://www.inaturalist.org/pages/community%2Bguidelines)
Go’s Code of Conduct is clearly based on the Contributor Covenant structure, while iNaturalist’s guidance is more platform-specific. It address some platform specifics like how to behave when people have different opinions on species identification, how to deal with dead animal. This difference make sense because 
iNaturalist has to manage wildlife and nature consequences in addition to interpersonal behavior.
iNaturalist is closer to Sugar Labs in terms of community guidelines, because it often reads like guidelines of collaboration and it faces audience including non developers. 
